hey losers and welcome back to WWE
supercard so a couple things here are
key the ring has ended we lost to a
fellow loser in the quarterfinals that
means we are grabbing it we have won
three games take a look at the
contenders bracket and see how he
finished so you won there may the finals
and oh we got pee in the file so Julian
let me know what rewards you got bud I
so let's claim our rewards we got
another legendary card here I'm gonna
say legendary king let's just say we get
another legendary Kane another crap card
let's see what we got Oh John Cena who
interesting interesting fusion food
alright so we got a fusion chamber
finished it's a legendary fusion let's
see what we got what do we can't go in
here what we got all right ooh but Rock
the kuc just nah BAM alright so I mean
where's our another survivor fusion
let's throw Brock in there what we got
for survivor cards let's throw in every
because you don't need ha and we'll
throw her in there paired up with um I'm
thinking no ok let's throwing Kane cuz
we don't want Cain alright so what we
need an epic and two ultra rares so epic
will throw in mr. Randy Orton so ultra
rare where we got what do we got let's
throw a pump it up and pump it up I'm
hoping that we will get Abba lassie I'm
thinking about Lassie so in four days we
will know what we've got here as you
guys know as you guys know PCC is
underway you have Dean Ambrose facing
off so who will be the people's champion
Dean Ambrose or Randy or in who you guys
gonna go with I have a feeling Dean is
going to be the favorite here so let's
go with Dean let's see what Dean's doing
and Dean seems to be losing oh wow I say
going look at the rewards here so
obviously Dean is going to be your
WrestleMania read and Randy or in your
other WrestleMania read and then you
have Seth Rollins on on one side that's
probably wise because Seth Rollins is on
the Randy Orton side and then Roman
reigns on the other so that's got to be
the deciding factor yeah
you have Hollywood Hogan on the right
Roddy Piper on the left yeah it's
definitely and then you have Booker T
and Bruno yeah no one cares about the
rest all right so interesting I think
I'm going to aim for I'm going to try
and aim for yeah probably like to 80,000
to 63,000 range that's give me my goals
I don't want to put on too many points
um so let's play a couple of a couple
one boy matches here let's play about
five get about five points see where we
rank and then we'll go from there you
know I gotta gotta play that I play it
easy here oh one boy matches gonna be
that difficult come on come on whoa all
right we'll see how it goes interesting
though that it started off quite quite
difficult Wow lots of Survivor fusions
in there um so we do have plenty of
chances at another survivor pro which is
kind of cool um alright so we're 30,000
for after one point yeah i'm just going
to go grind slow i need all those ultra
rares i can get for the fusion chamber
you know maybe once a while we'll try a
plus 3 but for most part me go plus ones
mostly just for the draft picks and you
know oh we're gonna lose that one yeah
huh damn alright so charisma we should
win this don't be tag-teaming it's not
yeah alright so speed charisma we should
win that nice and easy and step
legendary fusion pro keeping us on the
board there not bad so yeah it's going
to be a short little video here um
obviously I'm not too worried about the
PCC rewards I'm not going for it I have
no desire I hope that hopefully we can
get a little bit of luck here let's go 4
plus 3 let's try it out let's try it I
think we're going to lose this but
whatever we can give it a go um don't
restart another King of the Ring pretty
soon actually now I'll probably start it
first thing in the morning it's what i'm
going to do so start that first thing in
the monin get that going for two
a see what we got come up with I have a
crazy busy weekend so I'm definitely not
going to be paying much attention to PCC
got family from out of town coming in
and things like that so gonna let that
ride out just a little bit try and
energized and train my team when and if
I can that's pretty much why when we
ground once try and grab as many
energies as possible all right so there
we go we got nice win their power boost
cool all right let's get two more wins
in here it shouldn't be too difficult
and again I know it's give you a short
episode but I want to get you guys nice
little update here I'm let you guys know
that I've just been crazy busy I'm gonna
be crazy busy this weekend so there's
not going to be too much of the way it's
super card but we wanted to start that
legend your survivor fusion get that
under way and then obviously get another
King of the Ring started first thing
tomorrow and then probably by the end of
this weekend we should be good to go i
will be back into the hardcore grind
it's super card and the world should be
right again you know just gonna be the
way it is we got close to winning that
not all right so there we go looking
good one more let's get one more win in
there Oh Undertaker nice summer Rae yeah
you better I get this one let's get this
win alright so Vaux cure get a nice win
sorry for the short episode be not just
sometimes it's just how how life is
sometimes life it's just one short
episode and then I think I said as of
next week we'll get right back into its
give me a nice tough tough grind as
always and will make things uh like
things work all right here we go let's
get it Speed Triple H let's beat mr. Rob
Van Dam I'm so who'd you guys pick what
side you choose what rewards you going
for this PCC I would love to know still
even though I'm not grind I would love
to know what you guys are going for also
has your king of the Rings been going as
you can see I've done pretty well except
for those last one dang it but that's
okay it happens once a while once in a
while you just meet someone who's just
good so that's where I'm ranking
not to score too many points i love to i
get those double ultra rares as i need
the most so good luck to you guys in
your PCC grind allow you get guys gonna
be grinded pretty dang hard so good luck
to you I'm keeping me updated on Twitter
and in the comments down below let me
know how many points you have and what
rank you are and you know it's like I
said it's gonna be a short day we're
call it there hopefully you guys have
good luck the end your grind good luck
in your king of the Rings keep me posted
check me on Twitter young Gary oak and
we can keep up the updated there as well
I kinda want to another survivor or
survivor king of the ring with all you
losers but I also want to see if i can
finally I hit a diva before I can try
and combine mine so I don't let me know
if I'm going to get to Wrestlemania king
of the ring anytime soon but hopefully
relatively soon so thank you guys for
watching please don't forget to leave a
like and subscribe I appreciate all
support you guys give me and as always I
will see you losers later losers
you